when you're looking to keep your dog
entertained you'll discover the toys are
very important just like small children
dogs love to play but they also need to
be stimulated having toys that they can
play with and chew on is good for them
however it's very important to give them
the right toys for instance you should
never give your dog an old shoe or old
shirt to play with because it's far too
easy for them to make the connection
that all of your shoes and all of your
shirts are appropriate toys for them
take some time give your dog the toys
it'll really suit them first remember
that it just because a dog wants to play
with it doesn't make it a great toy to
use while dogs love things with buttons
on them strings ribbons and rubber bands
any of these toys can constitute a
choking hazard for your dog and be quite
dangerous for them similarly just
because a ball is too small for your dog
it's still going to be something that
they'll want to play with even if it's
something that can become lodged in
their throat or mouth similarly bones
might count as toys but if your dog
breaks them and ends up swallowing a lot
of bone splinters he can end up in a
fair amount of pain that being said what
kinds of toys are going to be good for
dogs let's start with toys and encourage
your dog to be active and healthy the
first kind the first kind that you're
likely to find interesting our hard
plastic toys that can be used to play
fetch they'll be too large for your dog
to swallow and too tough for them to rip
the bits rope toys that have been
knotted to prevent fraying are another
good choice while many dogs do enjoy
tennis balls remember that they can be a
choking hazard for large or even
medium-sized dogs there are also toys
that can be great when you're thinking
about soft toys some dogs love having
soft toys to cuddle and nurse while
other dogs prefer to use their soft toys
to stimulate their kill instinct for the
former if your dog wants to carry it
around make sure that the toy is
relatively small though not a choking
hazard of court for the most part if a
toy is considered safe for a child of
three is going to be just fine for your
dog
take some time and really consider what
toys are going to be healthy and
stimulating for your canine companion
there are a lot of options out there so
see what he might really enjoy